The body fragrance of the concubine is intentional
Just like these.
Hahahahahaha
Your favorite body fragrance
The Millennium Man
I've been poisoning you for so many years
Will you faint alone in three days?
Donggong Biwang Humph
Then you will die
Spies and plans revealed to you
Just you dead trash
The last difference
Wait for the news from the palace
That Crown Prince Fei You seems to know that we are going to commit suicide
He feeds
Newcomers are ready to send troops
No day to call them
This news is enough to get him arrested
Prince, let's go to the temple shop today
That waste will soon be the name of the Golden Palace
You think you should go to France. The manager has a good relationship
Fan Da's subordinate
Although far away
Makes this ridiculous
Second master bah
Prince Tianxia arrives
Get up
All Aiqing has something to start, Your Highness
I want to be in front of all the officials in the Golden Palace
The cruel punishment of a state prisoner